    As humans increasingly become aware of the need to utilize in the second
language of individualism, working with a desired community to further a
specific philanthropic cause while simultaneously satiating the lust for social
interaction, a much more obvious and distinct truth is unveiled, hidden almost
in plain sight: human sustainability and evolution is highly dependent on the
inspiration we both receive and submit to those who surround us in our various
communities.  Very rarely are we able to witness forward-thinking innovation,
spurting forth from the minds of individuals who have forced themselves into
social deprivation and solitude, as those who possess all the knowledge and
experience required for such revolutionary tasks are extremely far from common.
More often than not, we witness and experience the birth of life-changing events
hailing from the collective conscious of unified people.  We attribute our
success rates in the medical world to the highly passionate and dedicated
researchers in medicinal development communities that find cures for our
life-threatening ailments.  We attribute the ability to transport our minds to
polar ends of the global village to the passionate developers of technology in
the communities of computer specialists.  The betterment of mankind is not
entirely feasible without the inspiration obtained from our surrounding peers in
our specific communities.  We need others to “feed” off of, and more
importantly, to push us past our self-constructed boundaries we feel are
impossible to break.  In the grand scheme of life, we are ultimately drawn
towards one another because our collective existence necessitates social
collaboration in order to solve life’s greatest challenges and mysteries,
without it, we run the ultimate risk of becoming obsolete in the unforgiving
progression of time.

Source: https://github.com/JosephTLyons/Academic-Papers/blob/master/Papers/More%20Than%20Metal%20-%20A%20Brotherhood%20of%20Acceptance.txt
